Support data exchange between custom & generic components via volumes (#2799)
elyra-ai/elyra: docs/source/user_guide/pipelines.md

   - Example: `data/*.csv`

   **Kubernetes Secrets**
   - Optional. A list of [Kubernetes Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to be accessed as environment variables during Jupyter notebook or script execution. Format: `ENV_VAR=secret-name:secret-key`. Entries that are empty (`ENV_VAR=`) or malformed are ignored. Entries with a secret name considered to be an [invalid Kubernetes resource name](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names) or with [an invalid secret key](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#restriction-names-data) will raise a validation error after pipeline submission or export. The referenced secrets must exist in the Kubernetes namespace where the generic pipeline nodes are executed.
   - Secrets are ignored when the pipeline is executed locally. For remote execution, if an environment variable was assigned both a static value (via the 'Environment Variables' property) and a Kubernetes secret value, the secret's value is used.
   - Example: `ENV_VAR=secret-name:secret-key`
   

>    Both generic and [custom components](pipeline-components.html#custom-components) include the following system-owned property:

Reviewer: Remove internal 'lingo'

```suggestion
   Both generic and [custom components](pipeline-components.html#custom-components) include the support the following property:
```
